what's going on guys is Devin here for
beasts bodybuilding giving you guys an
update on how my training went today I
did some some arm training and some
speed work on the bench and I'm going to
give a shout out to Ryan kennelly many
of you guys know him as the bench
monster or the wolf seanix man in the
bench press I was talking to him through
email and ask him a few questions on you
know training for benching and whatnot
and he recommended me throw in a speed a
lightweight fifty percent so nothing too
crazy just a few sets few reps for speed
to work on speed for explosiveness and a
big shout out to you man I think he's
currently getting ready for a meet in
September that's what he told me so good
luck man and go kill some numbers um
besides that I did some bicep training
pretty much hit a power kind of arm
training day for biceps and forearms see
it worked up to a 125 48 semi straight
curl felt pretty good and then after
that it's some reverse curls and then I
did a whole bunch of light dumbbell work
but a really focused on form kept the
reps kind of local paranormal usually I
do higher reps for arms but today I
didn't go over 10 kept it around eight
and then did some form work I have this
thing for your forearms you uh you roll
like this
and it really hits the top of your form
really good got that on video and I
pretty much that that's it guys um I'm
going to be taking tomorrow off so I can
be fresh on monday hopefully kill some
numbers on the bench some good numbers
and yeah besides that body weights the
same thing going to slowly start up
helping my carbs so I you know try gain
as much strength as I can and uh so I
can be a full 181 lifter I was
originally going to keep cutting but
after my first bench workout and how
everything felt like super hard to do
like the weight felt light but my body
just felt fatigued I knew I needed to up
my carbs up my calories a little bit get
some weight back on me so I'm gonna be
doing that and yeah and uh that's about
it guys have any other questions just
post them down below thanks for watching
and please subscribe